broker: prevent overlap of policy evaluations (#812)
hashicorp/nomad-autoscaler: CHANGELOG.md

IMPROVEMENTS:
 * agent: Add `BlockQueryWaitTime` config option for Nomad API connectivity [[GH-755](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-autoscaler/pull/755)]

BUG FIXES:

>  * agent: Fixed a bug that could cause scaling policies to be evaluated concurrently [[GH-812](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-autoscaler/pull/812)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * agent: Fixed a bug that could cause the same scaling policy to be evaluated multiple times concurrently [[GH-812](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-autoscaler/pull/812)]
```
